It's just a video of today and we're going to
have fallen into a scene with crazy colors and
We're already sitting down and we 're going to start.
now this is what we are trying on this
beginning of year is napoli we are wearing clothes
We picked up the root rogge dye.
blue vest
the two are from the rally with a comet
only 211 is older than the other
symptom desires and then we will am
here in brazil we put up
than something that got a lame
it seems that on the street but it is Rocheta O
would take it out of the way for you to see
if you have tried a dye you may
dive with what you do not think
but if you have that you will
make me miss a show just you
pulls it as elastic as it can
note that there are people who like the isna type
Now you do not have a baby if you come.
afloat dipped for a while
also at the discretion is in the next
video is we'll teach you how it is
to paint each of people
there is a great yes of the same people as the
guarantees purple and also fought black
Tatá first expulsion competitor
after your preparation
you liked the video joinha writes
channel
but if you did not like it and comment there
Why could we have done that?
to improve the video
there only to speak when the help of a
taboo because at the moment we not only
exchange starts are using cell phone but the
people promise us more ahead
to make an even better improvement
this made so close beans